Okay. So now, let's generate all subsets.
One suggestion that might make it easier is to write
your code outside of this function so that you can play around with it.
So, for instance, let's say all our features is,
let's just say it's a list of zero, one,
two, and let's say we want to look through all of the features,
all of the sizes.
So let's say for size in range from one to all features.
Let's see what the sizes are here.
So you can see that we'll have the size value be one and two,
but let's just also include the entire set,
so that would be of size three.
So let's say length of all_features plus one.
So now, are sizes that we can input into the combination will be one, two, and three.
So now, let's say we can call combinations passing in all_features,
and asking it to generate all subsets of this particular size.
So now, let's see what happens if we print this.
We can see we just get the three objects.
So we want to see more inside.
We're going to look through them.
So combo is equal to this for subset in combo: print subset.
Okay, great. So now we see that by looping through all the different sizes,
for size one, we have the subsets,
for size two, we have these subsets,
and size three, we have this.
So now, let's make sure that we cast it as a set,
because this is how we'll use it in the F, given as function.
So now, let's save this all inside a list.
So for now, let's say set L is going to be a list,
and let's go sets.
So, instead of printing it, I'm just going to add it.
Append, sets_ l.append, the set,
and let's see what it looks like.
So at the end, I print out sets_l.
You can see it's a list containing all the subsets,
and now remember the hints that we also want to include,
the set containing none.
So if we want to do that,
then sets_l.append, set None.
Okay. So now, it includes all the subsets including the empty set.
Let's go ahead and fill in this function now because it looks like it's working.
Great combination. So combo is equal to combinations all_features,
and choose the size.
Then for subset in combo,
sets_l.append, the set, subset.
Okay. Also, remember the empty set.
So sets_l.append, set None,
then return sets list.
So let's try out the function,
and it gets what we expected in what we have over here.
Great. Please continue with the lesson.